MNT Move parameter validation from `__init__` to `fit` in `neighbors` module (#20072)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

- |FIX| :class:`neighbors.DistanceMetric` subclasses now support readonly
  memory-mapped datasets. :pr:`19883` by `Julien Jerphanion <jjerphan>`.

- |FIX| :class:`neighbors.NearestNeighbors`, :class:`neighbors.KNeighborsClassifier`,
  :class:`neighbors.RadiusNeighborsClassifier`, :class:`neighbors.KNeighborsRegressor`

>   and :class:`neighbors.RadiusNeighborsRegressor` classes now follow design principles
>   for estimators. :pr:`20072` by :user:`Juan Carlos Alfaro Jiménez <alfaro96>`.

Reviewer: To be explicit about the change:

```suggestion
  and :class:`neighbors.RadiusNeighborsRegressor` does not validate `weights` in
  `__init__` and validates `weights` in `fit` instead. :pr:`20072` by
  :user:`Juan Carlos Alfaro Jiménez <alfaro96>`.
```

Author: Thank you @thomasjpfan for the suggestion 😉.
